README.md, before:

# Medicine Calendar 💊📅

https://juanmartin19l.github.io/medicine-calendar/

A modern and minimalist web application to manage medication schedules with reminders. Easily add medications, set dosage intervals, durations, and start times. The app automatically calculates reminders and allows you to export the schedule to your calendar as an `.ics` file. Built with **React**, **Supabase**, and **Tailwind CSS**, it features a responsive grid layout for a seamless user experience.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45722ca3-7dee-425b-a9e2-abb379bbd569)
_Preview image_

---

## Features ✨

- **Add Medications**: Input medication details (name, interval, duration, and start time).
- **Reminder Calculation**: Automatically calculates reminders based on the provided schedule.
- **Export to Calendar**: Export your medication schedule as an `.ics` file for integration with calendar apps.
- **Webcal Integration**: Supports webcal:// protocol for direct calendar subscription.
- **Cloud Storage**: Uses Supabase Storage to store and manage calendar files.
- **Smart Caching**: Prevents unnecessary file uploads by caching previous exports.
- **Dark Theme**: A sleek and modern dark theme for better readability and aesthetics.
- **Responsive Design**: Grid-based layout that adapts to different screen sizes.
- **Animations**: Smooth animations for a better user experience.
- **Local Storage**: Your medication data is saved in your browser's local storage.

---

## Technologies Used 🛠️

- **React**: For building the user interface.
- **React Router DOM**: For navigation between pages.
- **React Icons**: For adding intuitive icons.
- **Tailwind CSS**: For styling and responsive design.
- **Framer Motion**: For smooth animations and transitions.
- **ICS Library**: For generating calendar files.
- **Supabase**: For backend storage of calendar files.
- **Webcal Protocol**: For direct calendar subscription links.
- **Vite**: For fast development and optimized builds.

---

## How to Use 🚀

1. **Add Medications**: Use the form to add your medications with specific details:

   - **Medication name**: The name of your medicine.
   - **Interval**: How often you need to take the medication (between 1-24, 48, or 72 hours).
   - **Duration**: For how many days you need to take the medication.
   - **Start date and time**: When to start taking the medication.

2. **View Schedule**: Your medications will be displayed in a responsive grid layout with detailed information about intervals and duration.

3. **Export to Calendar**:
   - **Subscribe to Calendar**: Add events directly to your calendar application (recommended for iOS).
   - **Download Calendar**: Get an `.ics` file that you can import manually (recommended for Android).

---

## Installation 💻

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Juanmartin19l/medicine-calendar.git
```

2. Navigate into the project directory:

```bash
cd medicine-calendar
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the project root with your Supabase credentials:

```bash
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

5. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

6. Open your browser and visit [http://localhost:5173] (or the port indicated in your terminal).

---

## Contact 📧

If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out:

- [lavallejuanmartin@gmail.com]
- [https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-mart%C3%ADn-lavalle/]

---

Made with ❤️ by Juan Martín Lavalle. Happy coding! 💻✨

Commit message:

docs: Update README to include unit testing and SEO optimization details, and revise technology versions

README.md, after:

# Medicine Calendar 💊📅

https://juanmartin19l.github.io/medicine-calendar/

A modern and minimalist web application to manage medication schedules with reminders. Easily add medications, set dosage intervals, durations, and start times. The app automatically calculates reminders and allows you to export the schedule to your calendar as an `.ics` file. Built with **React**, **Supabase**, and **Tailwind CSS**, it features a responsive grid layout for a seamless user experience.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45722ca3-7dee-425b-a9e2-abb379bbd569)
_Preview image_

---

## Features ✨

- **Add Medications**: Input medication details (name, interval, duration, and start time).
- **Reminder Calculation**: Automatically calculates reminders based on the provided schedule.
- **Export to Calendar**: Export your medication schedule as an `.ics` file for integration with calendar apps.
- **Webcal Integration**: Supports webcal:// protocol for direct calendar subscription.
- **Cloud Storage**: Uses Supabase Storage to store and manage calendar files.
- **Smart Caching**: Prevents unnecessary file uploads by caching previous exports.
- **Dark Theme**: A sleek and modern dark theme for better readability and aesthetics.
- **Responsive Design**: Grid-based layout that adapts to different screen sizes.
- **Animations**: Smooth animations for a better user experience.
- **Local Storage**: Your medication data is saved in your browser's local storage.
- **Unit Testing**: Implementation of automated tests to ensure code quality.
- **SEO Optimization**: Metadata and tags for better search engine ranking.

---

## Technologies Used 🛠️

- **React 19**: For building the user interface with the latest performance improvements.
- **React Router DOM 7**: For navigation between pages with advanced features.
- **React Icons 5**: For adding intuitive icons.
- **Tailwind CSS 4**: For styling and responsive design with the latest version.
- **Framer Motion**: For smooth animations and transitions.
- **ICS Library**: For generating calendar files.
- **Supabase**: For backend storage of calendar files.
- **Webcal Protocol**: For direct calendar subscription links.
- **Vite 6**: For fast development and optimized builds.
- **Vitest**: For modern and efficient unit testing.

---

## How to Use 🚀

1. **Add Medications**: Use the form to add your medications with specific details:

   - **Medication name**: The name of your medicine.
   - **Interval**: How often you need to take the medication (between 1-24, 48, or 72 hours).
   - **Duration**: For how many days you need to take the medication.
   - **Start date and time**: When to start taking the medication.

2. **View Schedule**: Your medications will be displayed in a responsive grid layout with detailed information about intervals and duration.

3. **Export to Calendar**:
   - **Subscribe to Calendar**: Add events directly to your calendar application (recommended for iOS).
   - **Download Calendar**: Get an `.ics` file that you can import manually (recommended for Android).

---

## Installation 💻

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Juanmartin19l/medicine-calendar.git
```

2. Navigate into the project directory:

```bash
cd medicine-calendar
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the project root with your Supabase credentials:

```bash
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

5. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

6. Open your browser and visit [http://localhost:5173] (or the port indicated in your terminal).

---

## Contact 📧

If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out:

- [lavallejuanmartin@gmail.com]
- [https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-mart%C3%ADn-lavalle/]

---

Made with ❤️ by Juan Martín Lavalle. Happy coding! 💻✨
